# What

A small application to demonstrate the use of the `go-swagger` library with the
go runtime on AWS Lambda.

Check out this medium post for more information.

# Requirements

- Modern go toolchain - I used go 1.14.6
- go-swagger - I used v0.25.0
- AWS SAM application management tool
- Basic utilities: `zip` for function upload to AWS, `curl` and `jq` for testing

# Build, deploy, test, clean up

- Generate the Swagger server-side stub code

```
swagger generate server -f swagger.yaml
```

This will generate `models` and `restapi` directories in the main directory. Note
that there is another swagger defintion, `swagger-req-validation.yaml` - this
contains some extra content which instructs the AWS API Gateway to perform
request validation; it generates exactly the same autogenerated code for the
REST API.

- Build the application

```
cd deploy
./build.sh
```

This builds the application in the top level directory of the repo; it copies
the resulting executable into the deploy directory.

- Deploy the application

There are two modes for deploying the application - with and without API Gateway
validation - indeed, this sample application highlights the validation performed
by the API Gateway.

```
./deploy-without-gw-validation.sh
```

This zips the executable and uploads it to AWS using the `sam` tool and
associated configuration file (`sam-deploy.toml`). On successful completion, it
prints the identifier for the Lambda function and the endpoint of the REST API.

- Run the tests

```
cd ../tests
export RESTAPI=<ENDPOINT OUTPUT FROM DEPLOYMENT PROCESS>
./tests.sh
```

The tests demonstrate both successful and unsuccessful calling of all of the
endpoints defined in the API.

- Removing the API

The easiest way to remove the application is via the AWS CloudFormations
dashboard.


